[docs] Message Forwards feature (#6818)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Channel.md

| flags?                      | integer                                                                                                                                   | [message flags](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object-message-flags) combined as a [bitfield](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bit_field)                                                                                                                                 |
| message_reference?          | [message reference](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-reference-object-message-reference-structure) object                                  | data showing the source of a crosspost, channel follow add, pin, or reply message                                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | message_snapshot? \[5\]     | ?[message object](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object)                                                                                 | the message associated with the message_reference. This is a minimal subset of fields in a message (e.g. `author_id` is excluded.)             |

Reviewer: messages don't have an author_id field, they have an author object

| message_id?         | snowflake | id of the originating message                                                                                                           |
| channel_id? \*\*    | snowflake | id of the originating message's channel                                                                                                 |
| guild_id?           | snowflake | id of the originating message's guild                                                                                                   |
| fail_if_not_exists? | boolean   | when sending, whether to error if the referenced message doesn't exist instead of sending as a normal (non-reply) message, default true |

\* If `type` is unset, `DEFAULT` can be assumed in order to match the behaviour before message reference had types.
In future API versions this will become a required field.

\*\* `channel_id` is optional when creating a reply, but will always be present when receiving an event/response that includes this data model.

#### Message Reference Types

> Determines how associated data is populated.
> | Type    | Value | Coupled Message Field | Description                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Determines how associated data is populated.

| Type    | Value | Coupled Message Field | Description                                              |
```

|---------|-------|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| DEFAULT | 0     | `referenced_message`  | A standard reference used by replies.                    |
| FORWARD | 1     | `message_snapshot`    | Reference used to point to a message at a point in time. |

> `FORWARD` can only be used for basic messages; i.e. messages which do not have strong bindings to a non global entity.

Reviewer 2: is it accurate that this is only text-based messages? the wording is a bit hard to parse right now so finding out how to suggest something a little cleaner.

Author: No you can have media, but I specifically left it open-ended since I don't really want to re-list out all the conditions of what is forwardable at the moment (besides the message_type). The strong bindings for example mean things like activity, polls, etc.

> Thus we support only messages with DEFAULT or REPLY types, but disallowed if there are any polls, calls, or components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Thus we support only messages with `DEFAULT` or `REPLY` types, but disallowed if there are any polls, calls, or components.
```

This is subject to change in the future.

#### Message Reference Content Attribution

There are multiple message types that have a `message_reference` object.

> Since message references are generic attribution to a message, there will be more types of messages which have this information in the future.

Reviewer 2: not sure this section is necessary, particularly the "there will be more types of messages which have this information in the future" part

Author: FYI this is pre-existing, but I agree. Removing this future phrase, and reordering a bit.

| message_id?         | snowflake | id of the originating message                                                                                                           |
| channel_id? \*\*    | snowflake | id of the originating message's channel                                                                                                 |
| guild_id?           | snowflake | id of the originating message's guild                                                                                                   |
| fail_if_not_exists? | boolean   | when sending, whether to error if the referenced message doesn't exist instead of sending as a normal (non-reply) message, default true |

\* If `type` is unset, `DEFAULT` can be assumed in order to match the behaviour before message reference had types.
In future API versions this will become a required field.

\*\* `channel_id` is optional when creating a reply, but will always be present when receiving an event/response that includes this data model.

#### Message Reference Types

Determines how associated data is populated.

| Type    | Value | Coupled Message Field | Description                                              |

> |---------|-------|-----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|

Reviewer: only replies have referenced_message - do non-reply messages that use message_reference also use DEFAULT or do they not have a type?

Author: I don't know if the cases where `message_reference` are used outside of REPLY message types, but yes they would use `MessageReference.Type.DEFAULT`. At least for now since that's the backwards compatible value for the field. Using `FORWARD` in those references would not be respected at this stage.

| Field               | Type      | Description                                                                                                                             |
|---------------------|-----------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | type? \*            | integer   | type of reference. Determines how associated data is populated.                                                                                          |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| type? \*            | integer   | type of reference. Determines how associated data is populated.                                                                         |
```
markdown tables

| guild_id?           | snowflake | id of the originating message's guild                                                                                                   |
| fail_if_not_exists? | boolean   | when sending, whether to error if the referenced message doesn't exist instead of sending as a normal (non-reply) message, default true |

\* `type` currently defaults to `DEFAULT` in order to match the behavior when message reference documentation was first published. In a future API version this will be changed to be a required field, with no default.
\*\* `channel_id` is optional when creating a reply, but will always be present when receiving an event/response that includes this data model.

###### Message Reference Types

> warn
> If the type is not set, assume a `DEFAULT` type.

| Type            | Value | Description                                              |
|-----------------|-------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| DEFAULT         | 0     | A standard reference used by replies.                    |

> | FORWARD         | 1     | Reference used to point to a message at a point in time. |

Reviewer: is `type` included when receiving the message? if so, then is it DEFAULT for all messages other than forwards (crossposts, follows, pins, replies, thread creates, and thread starters)?

if that is the case then IMO this is awkward, it might be better to just make forwards a separate message type for consistency?

Author: `type` will be included. However there will be a period in which old instance will not have this field set, in which case it should be assumed to have `0` set.

>  if so, then is it DEFAULT for all messages other than forwards (crossposts, follows, pins, replies, thread creates, and thread starters)?

I think there's some confusion here. `type` in this case if the MessageReference Type, not the message content type.

Reviewer: yeah, but all of those message types use message references for different purposes, they aren't just used for replies. so it feels weird to use one message reference type for 6 different purposes and one type for one purpose.

Author: I see the issue. I thought that was a different section based off `Message`. I'll think of a way to clean this up. To be clear though. Those aren't real types per se, they are pseudo types defined by the composition of the data that defines a `Message.Type.DEFAULT`. I however see the confusion here.

Author: I took a quick stab last night: https://github.com/discord/discord-api-docs/pull/6818/commits/40c38a43c4d028a30f421141409afd2481a80428

- These are automatic messages sent when a message is pinned (type 6).
- These messages have `message_id` and `channel_id`, and `guild_id` if it is in a guild, which point to the message that was pinned.

###### Forwards

- These are messages which capture a snapshot of a message.

> - These messages have an array of [`message_snapshots`](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-snapshot-object) field containing a copy of the original message. This copy follows the same structure as a message, but has only the minimal set of fields returned required for context/rendering.
>   - of note: `author` will be excluded

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- These messages have an array of [`message_snapshots`](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-snapshot-object) field containing a copy of the original message. This copy follows the same structure as a message, but only has the minimum set of fields returned required for context/rendering (notably, the `author` field is excluded)
```

Author: I feel like this bullet point sticks out more, which is the intent

- A forwarded message can be identified by looking at it's `message_reference.type` field
  - `message_snapshots` will be the message data associated with the forward. Currently we support only 1 snapshot.
  - prevents spoofing forwarded data
  - `message_snapshots` are taken at moment the forward message is created, and are **immutable**; any mutations to the orignal message will not be propagated.
- Forwards are created by including a message_reference with `FORWARD` type when sending a message.

>   - Required fields: `type, message_id, channel_id`

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  - Required fields: `type`, `message_id`, `channel_id`
```

>   - the requestor must have VIEW permissions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - the requestor must have `VIEW_CHANNEL` permissions
```
assuming this is view channel

As of 2023-04-14, clients upload a 1 channel, 48000 Hz, 32kbps Opus stream in an OGG container.
The encoding, and the waveform details, are an implementation detail and may change without warning or documentation.

### Message Snapshot Object

#### Message Snapshot Structure

| Field     | Type      | Description                                                                        |
|-----------|-----------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | message*  | [message] | a subset of fields in the [message object](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| message \*  | [message] | subset of fields in the [message object](#DOCS_RESOURCES_CHANNEL/message-object) |
```

> | guild_id? | snowflake | id of the originating message's guild                                              |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| guild_id? | snowflake | ID of the origin message's guild                                              |
```

> * The current list of message fields subset consists of:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
\* The current list of message fields subset consists of:
```

> `content, embeds, attachments, timestamp, edited_timestamp, flags`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
`content`, `embeds`, `attachments`, `timestamp`, `edited_timestamp`, `flags`.
```
